do not
that I can win as is my case and
I also bring you another video of gta
5 and the space something very chingón not them
happens that suddenly they are in their
supercar that has taken them so long
get it and steal it and suddenly
he's turned all bastard because my shit
suddenly this Christmas happens to me
they go towards the saints custom
they are driving and they want to go and repair it
no but because we are black we
like in the opposite direction we have a
car of 8 super charged cars and
suddenly one crashes a truck
that was not it was not
lend
to change it automatically without
they charge us to challenge them and that
charge 100% there is a super way
easy and simple seems conversion of
television this marsh now the only thing
what's that again
normally another view
Well, it's already the third time
the truck
ah
why the fuck, now I have
lost and as I explained to you see that
Fucked is my truck because the only thing
what we are going to do is press the arrow
below and we're going to switch to franklin
let's go with franklin
we're going to teleport with franklin
and as soon as we have franklin
let's see what black is doing
we are going to have to transport again
as maikel this is going to make the
cadillac is 100% regenerated to any
car sweeps have 100% and other
fight ranking because if you have to
fight
in everything I can
here we are going to offer this video, not what
can do
and we change to maikel again it's going to
leave in the same place try
do it the fastest by spending time
keep serving but well now
they will see what I tell them
here are gentlemen and how can you see the
quality is already 100% again so
this prayer liked the video leave
your law and watch the video where is the
rpg and the infinite evolution here 7 to 5
see you in the next dynamic and
subscribe to suck attitude
And animals
she